the update if you're able to stay we'd
certainly encourage you to do so if you
need to leave God bless you have a great
week in the Lord and if we don't see on
Thursday night for our teaching through
the Psalms then we'll see you Lord willing
next week so for today's update I sense
that the Lord would have me to answer a
question concerning the understanding of
the times in which we are living I think
you would agree with me when I say this
but doesn't it seem like the world is I
mean upside down backwards and getting
worse seemingly with each passing day
would you agree with this that the times
in which we are living
evil is now seen as good and good is now
seen as evil I was thinking about this
this last week in fact I was talking to
my wife about it we were reflecting back
on the 70s again you young people will
get right back to you just bear with us
even the 60s and we fast forwarded the
video of time to the present and it's
pretty astonishing if you really think
about it how much has changed since that
time the times that we're living in
today are so much worse than they were
even twenty years ago thirty years ago
things that you would never have
imagined are now considered to be the
norm
evil is now good and good is now evil as
one has noted evil is live backwards L I V E
E V I L lived is devil backwards now I
say that because everything's backwards
the evil is literally backwards it's
upside down in Isaiah chapter 5 verse 20
there is a curse that is pronounced woe
to those who call evil good and good
evil by the way this is not whoa no woe
is a curse okay I just wanted to clarify
that again for the benefit of you
younger people here today just so you
understand that in our day woe bad
curse okay
kind of reminds me I'm sorry I'm
digressing here but I can't resist I
can't help myself so my son it's a couple
years back came home from school one day
and he goes wow Baba that's really sick
I'm like whoa what you're sick no that's
really sick let's see what do you mean
oh that no it's really cool I'm like what
sick means cool so now if I say
something is sick that means something
is cool Jesus is coming back
well when sick is cool Jesus is coming
back anyway just again I digress forgive
me
Isaiah chapter five verse 20 woe to
those who call evil good and good evil
who put darkness for light and light for
darkness who put bitter for sweet and
sweet for bitter would you again agree
with me that this would be an apt
description of the world today what we
see happening in the world today
specifically if I can be specific as it
relates to the United States and Israel
I hope you'll kindly indulge me as I
first propose for why questions then I
want to provide a biblical answer that I
believe will give us a much-needed
perspective prophetically and even
discernment when it comes to discerning
the times that we're living in the first
why question which we did talk about in
depth last week is this why is there a
movement to impeach a pro-israel
president and remove a strong Israel
Prime Minister simultaneously we again
talked about this last week this has I
believe profound prophetic implications
but as of today we're now only thirty
days away from the elections in Israel
which will take place on April 9th now
the significance of this is that the
Trump administration is planning to
unveil the long-anticipated
quote/unquote deal of the century
subsequent to the April 9th elections in
Israel second question why did the House
of Representatives antisemitism
resolution end up with this watered-down
inclusion of all bigotry all hate and
even Islamophobia it started off as an
anti-israel
anti-semitic resolution The Times of
Israel published a report on Friday
about the house voting 407 to 23 for
measures seen as a rebuke of this Illhan Ormar's
anti-semitic comments she's one
of two women elected to the House of
Representatives and this was after this
infighting within the Democratic Party
that actually ended up leading to the
inclusion of all of these other types of
hate including namely Islamophobia the
inclusion came under a section that
stated in the end and I quote this was
the resolution whereas listen white
supremacist in the United States white
supremacist in the United States have
exploited and continued to exploit
bigotry and weaponize hate for political
gain targeting traditionally persecuted
peoples including African Americans
Latinos Native Americans Asian Americans
and Pacific Islanders and other people
of color Jews Muslims Hindus Sikhs Jews
Hindus Muslims Sikhs the LGBTQ community
immigrants and others with verbal
attacks incitement and violence I'm not
going to say it I almost did it I
told the Lord I wouldn't so there okay
let me catch my breath third why
question why is it now acceptable in
states like New York to kill human
babies while at the same time protecting
non-human animal life CNS news on
Tuesday quoted my pillow CEO Mike
Lindell I like Mike I like his pillow
too I have one great too yeah right
yeah so I had to include some levity in
that one I think he spoke at a recent
CPAC conference and said quote I see a
party saving minnows in California and
killing babies in New York are you
kidding me fourth why question why is
the Christian Church in America in
decline and why are young people not
wanting anything to do with the church
in our day today on Thursday the
Christian Post published an article
about a new study from Exponential by
LifeWay Research that found a majority
of churches are in decline or flatlining
and have fewer than 100 people attending
services each Sunday in their book
Already Gone Ken Ham and Britt Beamer
answer the question of why America's
churches have lost an entire generation
of believers you might be shocked to
know this but it's not necessarily by
the time they get to college here's what
the study found we're losing our kids in
elementary middle school and high school
and the culprit as they refer to it is
the Sunday-school syndrome which they
say is contributing to the epidemic
rather than helping alleviate it okay
bear with me please I suppose the
question now becomes one of okay what
can we do in light of our understanding
of
these perilous times in which we live we
shouldn't be surprised Paul writing to
Timothy said listed 19 things that would
mark the last days when perilous times
would come 19 things and they're horrific
they're unthinkable that would mark the
last days the end times the time of the
end in First Chronicles chapter 12 the
first part of verse 32 we're told that
the sons of Issachar had understanding
of the times and as such they knew what
Israel ought to do in other words when
we first understand and discern the
times and realize that the times we are
in are the end times the last days the
last moments of world history as we know
it because we've discerned the times we
understand the times I think of when
Jesus rebuked the religious leaders they
could interpret the weather the signs of
the weather the signs of the sky but
they could not discern the times that
they were in that was the Savior of the
world in front of them God becoming man
tabernacling amongst us and they didn't
understand it they didn't discern it and
thus they didn't know what to do it's
when we have this understanding this
discernment that we're then better
equipped to answer all of these why
questions why is the world upside down
why is evil good and good evil I hope
this doesn't sound too simplistic but I
think the answer is this Satan I don't
want to give him too much credit but
Satan has strategically
deceived the world and the world has
believed the Word of God and the God of
the Word cannot be trusted that's why
that's why not just the world sadly the
church many a pastor has lost confidence
in the infallibility of God's Word they
don't believe it no wonder our young
people don't want anything to do with
church no wonder they're already gone
and there's nothing new under the Sun by
the way it started in Genesis 3:1 we're
told that the serpent was more cunning
than any beast of the field which the
Lord God had made and he said to the
woman listen has God indeed said you
shall not eat of every tree of the
garden question mark in other words did
God really create the heavens and the
earth and the sea and all that in them
is in seven in six days six literal days
did God really and see the attack is on the
book of Genesis because see if Satan can
get us to start questioning doubting the
book of Genesis he's got us then nothing
else can be relied upon if it if you
can't rely on the book of Genesis at the
very beginning then everything else
following is also unreliable
I would submit that one can find the
answers in Genesis as to why the world
is the way it is today I'll take it a
step further and suggest that Satan has
succeeded in large measure in deceiving
the world by attacking specifically the
reliability of the Genesis account and
here's why think about this if Genesis
cannot be taken literally then marriage
isn't between one man and one woman
if Genesis cannot be taken literally
then maybe we did evolve from animals
and if we did evolve from animals no
wonder that people act like animals
should we be surprised do you see how
cunning and sssubtle SSSatan is did God
really question mark doubt oh ah
maybe the earth is billions and billions
of years old I want to recommend Answers
in Genesis this is the Ministry of Ken
Ham it's an apologetics ministry that is
dedicated to enabling Christians to
defend their faith and to proclaim the
Gospel of Jesus Christ effectively
let me just parenthetically say this we
have to teach our children the truth of
Genesis so that when they're in school
whether it's middle school high school
or even college
and they have that professor as my son
who goes to California State University
in San Marcos California had that
basically was one of these guys that you
know says there's no God
there's no God I love my Levi man he's
my loving Levi he's like okay okay really
yeah anyway that maybe that's another
topic for another time but he stood his
ground he stood his ground because he
was grounded they have to be able to
answer that
oh the you think the world was oh the
Big Bang Theory
really that takes more faith than to
believe in creation it's like one said
it's like a tornado ripping through a
junkyard and it creates a 747 that takes
a lot of faith man I'm going to give you
that wow
Answers in Genesis focuses on providing
answers to questions surrounding the
book of Genesis because it is the most
attacked book in the Bible they also
desire to train others to develop a
biblical worldview and seek to expose
with I mean thoroughly documented proof
of a six-day creation a young earth.
evolution is impossible dare I say that
Christians today don't know how to
answer the questions the world is asking
and they're asking questions and they're
intelligent questions and we don't have
the answer we cannot give them a
biblical answer to their intelligent
question so when somebody challenges us
and I don't say this to beat up on
anybody I just I'll include myself in
this when somebody challenges us
concerning things like evolution and an
earth billions and billions of years old
by the way when it comes to dinosaurs
there is proof there is archaeological
proof scientific proof that man walked
with Dinosaurs they were not created
billions of years ago and there is proof
that there was a flood exactly as God
said there was and it was a global flood
exactly as God said it was going to be well
First Peter chapter 3 the second part of
verse 15 says always always be prepared
to give an answer to everyone who asks
you to give the reason for the hope that
you have hear me out on this real quick
I truly believe there are two questions
that the world is asking us and looking
to us for answers as Christians you know
what they are
number one is it real and number two
does it work
you want to know why because they want
it to be real and they want it to work
because if it's real and it works now
they can have hope and they're looking
for hope they need hope and we have the
answer and we can give the reason for
the hope that we have
listen just bear with me for a second
here
our only hope is Jesus Christ it's not
just the Blessed hope it's our only hope
it's Jesus Christ Jesus is the answer He
is the answer to everything and to
everyone and that's the answer we need
to give always to everyone who asks
there's something different about you
there's something peculiar about you I
mean you're not going out of your mind
with what's going on in the world
there's something about you that's
different you know what that something
is it's the person of Jesus Christ it's
the hope of the soon return of Jesus
Christ that's the thing that keeps me
sane I've said this again not hyperbole
that were it not for the hope that any
day soon and very soon that trumpet can
sound and the dead in Christ rise first
and we who are alive and remain will be
caught up to be with the Lord forever
were it not for that hope I would
literally go out of my mind I would not
be sane I would lose my sanity if I
didn't have that hope that's what keeps
me going that's what gets me up in the
morning and allows me to put my head on
the pillow my pillow sorry it's a gift I
don't know what
pray for me so it's what allows me to
sleep at night it's also what constrains
me propels me to pronounce to declare to
share the gospel of Jesus Christ the
good news of Jesus Christ and the good
news is is that Jesus came into this
dying world to save the world He was
crucified He was buried and He rose
again on the third day and He's coming
back again one day that's the good news
that's the hope that we have the Blessed
hope that's why we do these prophecy
updates it's really to sound the alarm
that our redemption draws near that as
things are happening in the world
exactly as we were told in God's Word
that they would happen Jesus said in
luke 21:28 when you see these things
begin to come to pass look up and lift
up your heads because your redemption
draws nigh I forget who I was sharing
this with it might have been at a
previous update maybe it was second
service but just give me a few more
minutes I was thinking about how much of
an impact Bible prophecy has had on my
life personally it has really changed my
life how I live my life in this world
it's loosened my grip on the things of
this world I have a very light touch on
the things of this world and my accounts
are very short because I know not the
day or the hour that He's going to
but I do know it's close so I want to
get my affairs in order
you know how sometimes the question is
asked if you knew that Jesus was coming
back this afternoon what would you do
right now all kinds of things come to
mind right people you would call letters
you might write things you might do can
I say it this way get it done what do you
mean what are you waiting for He could
come this afternoon that's how close we
are that's why you need to be ready I
need to be ready
well I want to share the ABCs of
salvation as we do every week and before
I do I have to ask you to forgive me for
last week because I totally messed up I
actually had to go back and see what I
said I hate listening to myself that's
like torture you want to punish me make
me listen to my own voice that'll do it
so I had to go back and I realized that
I didn't say what I needed to say so I
actually have notes this time so you see
an email address on the screen and for
the benefit of our online church this is
the email address that we want for you
to email us your files of the ABCs of
salvation many people have requested the
cards the ABCs of salvation cards so
like the different translations in the
different languages we want you to email
your PDF files you can send Word files
or whatever or JPEGs so what we'll do is
we'll convert them to PDF files and
we'll put them
line so you can download them and print
them out so we have people saying hey
I'd like to order a bunch of those ABCs
of salvation cards there's there's only
one problem with that we don't sell them
we didn't actually even have them until
I asked my son to design one and he did
kind of got me out of a jam so he
created a very simple ABCs of salvation
is it's a very small card that you can
hand out so we uploaded it to our
website we also uploaded a PDF file of
the template if you want to print them
out now for those of you who want to
have them professionally printed we're
working with the Masters Touch these are
dear friends of mine and our ministry
and we might be able to work something
out where you can have them
professionally printed whether they're
the cards or the bookmarks or the Flyers
or the pamphlets or whatever okay so
please email us your ABCs of salvation
cards that you design so we can share
them with everybody that wants them
alright real quick why do we end with
the ABCs of salvation because it's a
simple explanation of salvation this is
how to be saved and it's child-like
simple Jesus said unless you become like
a little child you cannot enter the
kingdom of heaven the gospel is very
simple the good news is very simple it's
ABC simple this is the simplest way for
you and I to be saved there's not the only
way but it's a simple way the A is for
admit or acknowledge that you're a
sinner and that you need the Savior that
you've sinned and fallen short of the
glory of God Romans 3:10 says there is
no one righteous not even one Romans
3:23 says all of us have sinned
and fallen short of the glory of God we
were all born sinners which is why Jesus
said we must be born again in order to
enter the kingdom of heaven Romans 6:23
says that the wages of sin is really the
death penalty so all have sinned and
because all have sinned all have been
sentenced to death that's the bad news
here's the good news Jesus came and went
to His death and took care of your death
penalty paying for all of your sins and
now offers you because it's paid in full
the free gift of eternal life in Christ
Jesus our Lord and the B it's for
believe in your heart that Jesus Christ
is Lord and that God raised Him from the
dead now you might be thinking to
yourself well this is really simple
please know that we don't wish in any
way with these ABCs of salvation to
insult anybody's intelligence only that
it is this simple well this is too good
to be true
ok well God is good and God is true so
in God's economy there's no such thing
as too good to be true if it's too good
to be true it's God
Romans 10:9 and 10 says if you believe
in your heart that God raised Jesus from
the dead you will be saved that's the B
here's the C lastly the C is for call
upon the name of the Lord or as Romans
10:9 and 10 also says confess with your
mouth if you confess with your mouth
that Jesus is Lord and believe in your
heart that God raised Him from the dead
you will be saved and here's how it
works
for it is with your heart that you
believe and are justified and it is with
your mouth that you confess
and are saved in Romans 10:13 is how you
confess with your mouth by calling upon
the name of the Lord all who call upon
the name of the Lord will be saved
that's how to be saved it's that simple
it's ABC simple if you're here this
morning in this amazing and wonderful
church that I'm so privileged to pastor
and you've never called upon the name of
the Lord
I implore you today to make the most
important decision you will ever make in
your life for eternal life you might be
watching online from somewhere anywhere
in the world and you're not watching
this video by accident God has brought
you to this video that was suggested in
your YouTube feed I want to encourage
you I want to implore you to respond to
the invitation to the offer that is
given you freely the free gift of
eternal life once you all stand and we'll
pray thank you for your patience by the
way Father in heaven I
we see what's happening in the world and
it is exactly as You said it would be
thank You for telling us in Your word
what's going to happen before it happens
so when we see it begin to happen it'll
wake us up so that we'll realize that
the time is at hand
that we would be like the men of
Issachar who discerned the times
understood the lateness of the hour that
they were in and that it was time for
David to be king well Lord now the time
has come for You our greater than David
the son of David the King of kings to
come Lord come quickly
Maranatha in Jesus' name Amen